Privacy Policy for Score Counter

Last updated: December 5, 2023

Score Counter ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Score Counter mobile application (the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
Information Collection and Use

Our application does not collect any personal information from users. We do not require users to provide any personal data, and the application operates entirely offline without the need for an internet connection.

---

Log Data

We do not collect any log data. As the application does not process personal information and operates without internet access, no log files are generated or stored.

---

Cookies

We do not use cookies or any similar tracking technologies in our application.

---

Service Providers

We do not employ any third-party companies or individuals for the following reasons:

    To facilitate our Service;
    To provide the Service on our behalf;
    To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

---

Security

We prioritize the security of your personal information, even though we do not collect any. Please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

---

Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to take necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us

By using our application, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
